banner copy
Club 69
The pinnacle of nightlife in E/B West 
Eat drink and party with us!

Computer training
Open doors to new career opportunities
Learn relevant digital and software development skills

Cafe as a service
Spend less time doing your paperwork
Sed your jobs online, pick up on arrival

3 top benefits
1. We make life EASY for you
 With our vast network of businesses and services, you can rest assured that we can meet your needs, be it business or pleasure 

2. Top notch personalized customer service
  Dedicated customer service team, commited to attending to your needs quickly and efficiently, exceeding expectations with every encounter 
  
3.  Exceptional quality of our products and services 
 Paperwork that gets done with the finest printing materials and machinery, digital skills that are taught by some the best professionals in the industry, and much more 


 4 text sections beside office pic
 1. Business Cafe (desktop icon)
 You save time and money when we handle your printing, document editing, letterhead design, photocopying, passport and embassy passport photographs, etc

 2. DHL Certified Agents (dhl icon)
  We partnered with the best logistics company in the world so that you can send shipments locally, inter-state or anywhere in the world. Super fast and secure logistics.

 3. Photo Studio - (camera icon)
  Create lasting memories or showcase your products profressionally with our family, wedding, birthday, product shoots.

 4. Graphic Design - (laptop icon)
    Reach out to your ideal audience and take your business to the next level with our stunning, unique and professional graphic designs. Logos, flyers, complimentary cards, letter head designs etc


What We Do
Subtitle: It all starts from here! What are you interested in? Lets make it EASY for you

Categories
title: Computer Training
subject: Ensure a brighter digital future for yourself or your kids

title: Business Cafe
subject: save less time handling your business needs

title: Send items with DHL
subject: Super fast and secure logistics. Doorstep delivery all over the world.

title: Hospitality
subject: bar, hotel, luxury apartments for your pleasure

title: Photo Studio
subject: Create lasting memories, showcase your products

title: Real Estate
subject: Property acquisitions, renovations, rentals or lease 


Features box copy
icon: hotdog
title: Shawarma / grill
info: Grilled chicken and shawarma, served to fill you with satisfaction and your face with smiles

icon: bed
title: Hotels / luxury apartments
info: Escape to the comfort of 69 Hotels and Luxury Apartments, there is a perfect room for you

icon: glasses
title: Bar / Lounge
info: The living room of the neighbourhood, Bar69's position as the pinnacle of nightlife in E/B West is unmatched. Come have a drink or two! 

